[DOC] Add info about npm publish (#788)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: docs/development/maintainers.md

    - put screenshots/gif of the new features
  - Published the release **only when you are done** with the release content. At any time, you can save the draft

### NPM publish new version

> - Ensure you are on master branch locally: `git checkout master`

Reviewer: We should publish from git tag

> - Ensure you are on master branch locally: `git checkout master`

Author: ```suggestion
- Ensure you are on the last tag locally: `git checkout vx.y.z`
```
